Hi Janet.

I have worked on the dataset and have brought out this dashboard.
Since our focus is on the churn rate, I decided to keep the dashboard on the number of customers that churned our service.However, a slicer on the top right corner gives you the liberty to select whatever side you want.
Just below this slicer is the gender slicer to see how the service is distributed across genders.

In addition to the KPIs above, I have 2 donuts displaying the contracts by numbers of admin and tech tickets with 88% and 64% churn coming from the month-to-month contracts respectively.
This leads to the stacked column chart that shows the average tenure by contract. This further shows that the month to month have the lowest average churn by no small margin.
It seems more information like profitability will determine whether more effort will be expended in converting customers to annual or bi-annual contracts.
There is barely any difference in the number of customers who have one or more phone lines. This is different with the customers who stay. The churn rate is higher for those with multiple lines. More information is required to decide on what to do with those without phone service.
The last column chart gives the number of senior citizens with dependents and whether or not they have partners. Those without dependents but with partners are more than those with dependents and partners. The reason for this is unclear.

Please feel free to let me know if you have any questions.

Thank you

Nanyak Famwang



For the cards, these are their meanings: the total number of customers, the average churn rate, the average monthly charges, the total number of senior citizens and the total charges.

?At 114,300.05, Fiber optic had the highest Sum of Monthly Charges and was 4,866.11% higher than those with no internet charges, which had the lowest Sum of Monthly Charges at 2,301.60.??
??
??Fiber optic had the highest Sum of Monthly Charges at 114,300.05, followed by DSL at 22,529.20 and No internet at 2,301.60.??
??
??Fiber optic accounted for 82.15% of Sum of Monthly Charges.??
??
??DSL had 22,529.20 Sum of MonthlynCharges, Fiber optic had 114,300.05, and No had 2,301.60.??
??
?